
INTRODUCTION
Nutritional Tracker is a device which will track the nutrition of the user in fraction of seconds. 
According to 5-a-day Campaign by WHO, everyone should at least have 5 portions of different of fruit and
vegetables every single day. This whole guide will emphasize on the concept of balance of every portion 
required for your body’s nutritional needs.

CONCEPT AND METHODOLOGY
This embedded project is the combination of the hardware and software system.
1.Hardware System: Hardware system is defined as product code unit which will use Raspberry Pi zero 
           with Keypad interfaced to enter PLU codes written on the fruits and vegetables. User can 
	   enter four- or five-digit code along with lbs bought.
2.Software System: Software part is code processing and display unit which will process the image and
           define the features of the whole project. Even, the hardware part will also be programmed which 
	   will be considered under this unit only. In this system, first the data will be pulled from the
	   database and after calculations whole information will be displayed.

# Weekly Plan for Execution of the Project:

To make NT 1.0, we had total of 14 weeks. It started from 
planning the product and executing the whole idea into a working model.

Week 1:
       We considered number of different ideas to make a successful project for our semester. 
	   Then, we come up with tracking the nutrition of a person which will help any person to have a balanced diet through a hardware device.
	   We named it Nutritional Tracker.
Week 2:
       After the approval from professor, we were supposed to give a presentation with the idea of what
	   hardware components we would use and which technology will be used. When come up with the idea of using Raspberry Pi zero.
Week 3:
       We constructed the full plan that how this device will work and who will work on what parts. The whole execution
	   plan was ready and the work was divided into two sections. 
Week 4:
       Database was the basic building block on which the whole product will run. This product required specific 
	   classification and that was collected from different sources first. Meanwhile, components were ordered for the hardware.
Week 5:
       Database of 400 different fruits and vegetables were collected. Raspberry pi was wirelessly connected to the laptop. 
Week 6:
       Hardware was the next step after this but we faced a struggle using RPI with camera scanning PLU codes.
	   Different platforms were used to work out the OCR thing for our project but every try was in vain.
Week 7:
       When OCR part was not a successful venture, we ordered keypad for our RPI so that we can manually enter 
	   the code for our device. Cross toolchain compilation was done and keypad was interfaced with RPI. 
Week 8: 
       In this week, software part has started. The idea was to use database through SQL workbench by connecting
	   to eclipse but we faced some connectivity issues which was further resolved by Derek Molloy book.
Week 9: 
       In this week, xginx was connected to RPI and we tried basic codding to run the system. TCP/IP connection was tested in this week.
Week 10:
       pseudo code for the software integration was written. Beginning from the entering numbers, storing the codes,
	   pulling data from the database, calculating using user data according to the database and executing it on a webpage through a server.
Week 11:
      html5 pages using css was prepared for the execution of the product was made. Then, the whole code was 
	  converted into C++ code so that our eclipse can use it properly.
Week 12:
      Codes were complied, debugged and run to show the output. Simulation of the hardware and 
	  software was a success. With a little bit difficulty, everything went according to requirements.
Week 13: 
       Prepared our project for the final presentation and execution. Assembled project into a hardware kit for presenting.
Week 14:
       Final Presentation.





